doc: note about mutation of parametrized values (#7516)
pytest-dev/pytest: doc/en/parametrize.rst

    FAILED test_expectation.py::test_eval[6*9-42] - AssertionError: assert 54...
    ======================= 1 failed, 2 passed in 0.12s ========================

.. note::

    Parameter values are passed as-is to tests (no copy whatsoever).

>     For example, if you pass a list or a dict as a parameter value, and 

Reviewer: Linting complains about a trailing space here, applying suggestion to remove it.

```suggestion
    For example, if you pass a list or a dict as a parameter value, and
```

.. note::

>     1. Parameter values are passed as-is to tests (no copy whatsoever), so if you mutate them,
>        the mutations will be reflected in subsequent test case calls.

Reviewer: Another suggestion upon reading again, to clarify a bit:

```suggestion
    1. Parameter values are passed as-is to tests (no copy whatsoever), so if for example you use a list or a dict as a paramater value and mutate it,
       the mutations will be reflected in subsequent test case calls.
```

Author: Much better,thanks!

Author: Just committed the example as a separate paragraph.

.. note::

>     1. Parameter values are passed as-is to tests, and if you mutate them,

Reviewer: Instead of using one note with a list inside, I think it will be better to use two notes.

Author: Should they be both in the same place, one after the other, or maybe move them into 2 different places to catch the attention of the reader?
Any suggestions?

Reviewer: I think one after the other is fine, unless you think of a better place.

Author: Done.

       the mutations will be reflected in subsequent test case calls.

>        Specifically, pytest doesn't do any copying of the values, since that would

Reviewer: I would omit this paragraph. I don't think the user really *needs* to know the rationale, they just need to be aware of it, and I'm inclined to keep explanations brief when possible.

WDYT?

Author: Done with new commit.
